# Final Year Project The Game Theory In Baseball
Sports games and tournaments have a lot of data, so it is a fruitful area to study and do betting. Baseball is a great game to analyze from a game theory perspective because the strategic and tactical decisions that are constantly being made on the field and between games are very complex and huge. In each case, there are countless participants (baseball players, coaches, team managers and owners) with different goals and payoff, making hundreds of pitch-by-pitch decisions over the course of an inning, a game and a season. Most baseball games are played in a one-on-one interaction. The pitcher throws the ball and the batter hits the ball. In that sense, in many cases it is fairly easy to judge the performance of batters and pitchers based on the outcome. Home runs, walks, strikeouts, all of these are based entirely on one-on-one matchups. All Major League Baseball (MLB) teams have their own departments dedicated to this type of analysis, and the time is ripe for analysis, as almost every aspect of the game is tracked with statistical information.

As time goes by, it has become common in sports to use mathematical methods to find the best strategy in a game. In this project, we try to use game theory to determine the best strategy in a baseball game. First, we will use the Nash equilibrium model to determine the best strategy for each pitcher and batter. In this statement, I will figure out what type of pitch the pitcher should throw, e.g., goodball or badball, and whether the batter should swing or not swing at the ball. I will try to figure this out through game theory. After that, I expect to use the data related to each player to get the payoff for each decision and make the model more accurate.

The Objectives we focusing in this project is to decide the best strategy for each pitcher and hitter. The objective of this project is help to the team and player achieve better pitch and bat results by finding the best strategy. In this project, we will modelling the situation by two-player games with finite games and the strategies for batter is swing and no-swing and the strategies for pitcher is pitch a goodball or badball.
